Update README for Remark JS (#206)
astefanutti/decktape: README.adoc

* *_Failed to read the 'rules' property from 'CSSStyleSheet': Cannot access rules_*
+

> Starting Chromium 64, accessing CSS rules in a stylesheet loaded from the local filesystem violates a CORS policy.

Reviewer: I'd suggest to change:

"_loaded from the local filesystem violates a CORS policy_"

With:

"_loaded from the local filesystem or an external location violates CORS policies_"

> Starting Chromium 64, accessing CSS rules in a stylesheet loaded from the local filesystem violates a CORS policy.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting Chromium 64, accessing CSS rules in a stylesheet loaded from the local filesystem or an external location violates CORS policies.
```

> As some Decktape plugins tweak the CSS rules for better PDF printing, you need to allow access to local files by setting the `--disable-web-security` flag option, e.g.:

Reviewer: "_allow access to local files_" -> "_allow access to local files or external stylesheets_"

> As some Decktape plugins tweak the CSS rules for better PDF printing, you need to allow access to local files by setting the `--disable-web-security` flag option, e.g.:

Author: ```suggestion
As some Decktape plugins tweak the CSS rules for better PDF printing, you need to allow access to local files or external stylesheets by setting the `--disable-web-security` flag option, e.g.:
```
